# Clustering-based-EOAS
Implemenation of Clustering based EOAS
we propose a hybrid meta-heuristic FS method using clustering based Equilibrium Optimization (EO) and Atom Search Optimization (ASO) algorithms abbreviated as CEOAS algorithm. After reducing the feature dimension, the optimal feature subset is fed to the Support Vector Machine (SVM) and  K-Nearest Neighbors (KNN) classifiers. Here, the combination of Linear Predictive Coding (LPC) and Linear Prediction Cepstral Coefficients (LPCC) based feature vectors is considered as the input features, and these features are optimized by using the proposed CEOAS algorithm.

The file feature extraction.py contains the code for feature extraction using LPC and LPCC. feature_extracted_savee_dataset.csv file contains the extracted features of SAVEE dataset having dimension of 480 X 601. The function  readWavFile(wav) will read the .wav file. The folder shpuld be in a certain format to read all the files. 
Next work is geteration of clusters where no of population is 15 and no of cluster center is 5. After execution of this stage one CSV will be generated which is having a dimension of 5 x 601. We will run the code twice and get two CSV files. The both the CSV files will work as the initialized population for both the feature selection algorithm ASO and EO. After execution of this stage two CSV files will be genetated which will contain the top ten solutions with the accuracies for both the optimization algorithm. Finally the CSV file having the dimension of 20 x 601 will enter into the AWCM part and optimal solution will be obtained. 
